Brother Xiaoyu
You have no idea since you left the company
How sad my days are
Since that bitch An Tong became the general manager
I'm thriving in the company
Suppress me every day
I heard he's having a promotion party tomorrow night
Invite a bunch of colleagues to celebrate
Brother Xiaoyu, you don't even know
How did An Tong become the general manager?
He actually did this for reproduction
Gee, he's always been that way.
Brother Xiaoyu
This time we have something on him
Be sure to show his color.
Discredit him
Hey, Mr. Fang looks really good today.
The general manager is looking for me
Why don't you come together tonight?
General Manager Fang
Don't worry, I'll be there for your promotion party too, okay?